I should do that too. Oh, that's right.
Oh, have you been to any courses?
No, no I don't think so.
Oh, like, you know, all the times I went before, it was with, like, family and stuff.
so light. No
No, never. I was always there with my family. Like, I I'd fly there by myself.
But then I'd be there with my family.
Mmm, the *** When I was with the white devil.
Yeah.
Yeah, ah so no one's really into cards, you know, so
yeah
alright
Oh yeah, you sent it to me. Yeah, yeah that looks really cool.
Yeah, but are you interested in gender and all that?
I feel like a I feel like a you're doing that just for me.
that.
It's like me. Is it like me hanging out with you at a makeup store?  Not that
you
Yeah. Well you know, you know me, I'm just looking for the cars I used to own.
Okay what else I would do. I don't spend too much time doing that.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I feel like if any city has it, it's Ajamba.
I would show, yeah
I I think we'll have better luck finding a used toy store.
Yeah. to the sounds, right
To yeah, to mix
Yeah, when you have to ask for it. yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Oh early your nails done by someone huh? sure
ahh alright
yeah.. yeah
So your uncle said that he's gonna hold on to the apartment for a year?
mmm?
ahan
Ohh I hope he's not doing it just for your sake.
I have to, Oh, okay.
yeah Cuz like
you know because of the angel wing, it's expensive to keep it up.
mmm
Yeah, but they can save that, you know?
Oh..., well, yeah
Coding, oh, Okay, that's good.
Publication, yeah, yeah, yeah
*** by the son
L.A. was like in Japan. Yeah, how is
Yeah, but that's not what's going to happen.
right
so
By myself, no. I know, I know. He's very nice, but...
If I'm homeless, I'll just go to my mom's place.
Yeah, I feel weird, like, staying here.
I can't always leave by myself, you know? You know what I mean? Yeah.
No
I know I know he means it. I I don't doubt that. It just feels weird to me a like
Yeah do you know? Yeah. yeah
Cuz like, you know, if you're in my shoes, you know, wouldn't you feel weird? Yeah.
Yeah so
mmhh
huhhu
It's actually pretty hard to talk about this for half an hour.
I'm trying to think of something to say but it's not popping in my head.
No, Dude, I wanna go to a good steakhouse.
Yeah, yeah like a really good. Yeah, yeah not like a
Fake house and a and a good sushi
Like like that place you went to for your birthday?
Yeah yeah, that that looks like a place I definitely want to go.
What? why? Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah, yeah, definitely definitely.
And then have you been to like, um...
um
The place where they have like a bunch of food stalls in the alley?
Oh, okay, okay, okay. We should hit that up.
like you know not the touristy place
like the places where like the locals actually eat
Yeah. ***
yeah
I know there's a lot in Fukuoka. Yeah.
Fukuoka loses a lot of that. Yeah, then
yeah i'm not sure about tokyo though i'm sure there are we just gotta find where they are you know
I think if you talk to your cousin, he'll probably know where to go.
ohh
But he would still know. yeah looking
You think your uncle would know?
Um Well, when you go to Japan, you don't want to make friends? Yeah, you can figure that out.